Release/1.5.0 (Master) (#6)
weareyipyip/SwiftStylable: README.md

- Root
	- colors (Dictionary)
	- dimensions (Dictionary)
	- styles (Dictionary)

### Colors

Colors can be defined as strings in the colors dictionary of your styles descriptor file. You can choose names freely, and set hex strings as values, in the format '#XXXXXX' (fully opaque) or '#XXXXXXXX' (with alpha digits). For example, you can have a color named 'defaultForegroundColor' with a value of '#ffa8bb'.

### Dimensions

> Dimesions can be defined as number in the dimensions dictionary of your styles descriptor file. You can choose names freely, and set values as whole numbers of decimals. Under the hood they will be parsed as CGFloat. For example, you can have a dimension named 'defaultTextSSize' with a value of '15' or you can have a dimension named 'defaultTextLineHeightMultiple' with the value '0,5'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dimensions can be defined as numbers in the dimensions dictionary of your styles descriptor file. You can choose names freely, and set values as whole numbers or decimals. Under the hood they will be parsed as CGFloat. For example, you can have a dimension named 'defaultTextSize' with a value of '15' or you can have a dimension named 'defaultTextLineHeightMultiple' with the value '0,5'.
```

- STTableViewCell
- STHorizontalHairline

> ### Dimesion components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Dimension components
```
